ROUGE: What's going on?
Looks like a full-blown
space skirmish,
and we're right in the middle!
I cannot tell what who
they are, Doctor, but I
have a feeling they are
not exactly friendly.
Now let's not get hysterical.
It's only Sonic and
his pea-brained posse.
Huh?
The warships are coming
at us from everywhere!
FIGHTER 1: We're way outnumbered!
FIGHTER 2: We can't turn
back. It's too late!
I'll distract the satellite ships!
You aim for the fortress and
give it everything you've got!
ALL: Roger!
They're aimed at the
mothership, sir.
Then we must teach them a lesson.
Something tells me it's not Sonic.
This is someone a
whole lot crankier!
Quit quivering, you clanking clods!
We'll call on our secret weapon!
Oh, Shadow!
It seems we're in
a bit of a pickle.
See what you can do.
[Grunt]
Ah!
[Gasp]
Could that be Black Wind?
Molly! You okay?
Who was that guy? He
came out of nowhere!
What next?
Let's follow him!
We may not be the only
resistance out here.
Come on!
It appears our enemies are more
resourceful than we thought.
That's enough for now.
Yes, sir.
Retreat immediately.
We'll be watching.
And when they least expect
it, we'll strike again.
This time, we'll destroy them.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
We're very grateful to you.
Think nothing of it.
Those Metarex can certainly be
a nuisance, with a capital N.
This is Cascade, our home planet.
My friends and I are the
only ones living here now.
They've arranged a welcome
reception for you at the base.
I'm sure they'd be greatly
honored if you'd come.
We'll see you there.
Heh.
[Beeping]
I'd be happy to come...
now that I know there's
a Chaos Emerald
lying among those wretched
ruins down there.
See what you can find, Shadow.
I'll take a look around.
Be discreet.
If Rouge and her sticky fingers
find out there are Chaos Emeralds
floating about, why,
she's liable to-
I'm liable to what, Eggy-poo?
Uh-oh! Talk about busted!
You're afraid I might just
snatch them up for myself.
How can I ever convince
you I'm on the level?
Grr! Yeah, right!
Take Rouge with you,
but you'd better
keep an eye on her!
Hmm.
Eggman doesn't care about you.
He only wants to use you
to get what he wants.
Don't you see that?
Of course I do.
Shadow transported us
to Space Colony ARK.
That's right.
Shadow, wasn't that the
home of your friend Maria?
We all know you're just
collecting 'em for Dr. Eggman.
He's really got you
fooled, doesn't he, pal?
Shadow!
Hm?
Sorry. I just wanted to thank you.
What you did...
I mean, it was really incredible.
Yeah.
No, I mean it, Shadow.
How did you do it?
You destroyed those
ships in seconds flat.
My comrades and I were really
impressed, and I just-
Huh?
I just want to know more about you,
like where you learned
to battle like that.
You were amazing!
Drop it, okay?
Oh, no.
I didn't mean to make him angry.
Don't worry, hon.
He's always grumpy.
Why is that?
Ya got me.
But just 'cause he's a hero,
doesn't mean he's Prince Charming.
That strong, silent
jazz drives me batty.
Wait!
You attacked four Metarex ships
like it was nothing at all!
I've never seen bravery
like that before.
It was like the legend
of Black Wind.
Never heard of him.
Hm.
Long ago, there was a great
hero named Black Wind.
We called him that, because
he came out of the night to
fight for our people, and
was never seen again.
For a moment, when I
first saw you outside my
ship, I thought maybe you were him.
You're a hero!
Shadow!
You're wrong. I'm no hero.
That's right. He's
just out for himself.
Aren't you, Shadow?
Well, you should talk.
You'd do just about anything
to get what you want.
[Gasp]
That's right, doctor.
If you hadn't come along, who
knows what would've happened.
Thanks to you, the
resistance lives on.
You're too kind.
It was the least I could do
for my fellow revolutionaries.
You are a truly noble and
honorable warrior, sir.
Mm-hmm.
FIGHTERS: Here, here!
Maybe now would be a good time
to ask about that Chaos Emerald-
ALL: Oops!
Ahem!
Perhaps you're right, Decoe.
I would be tickled to continue
assisting your mission.
Provided we find a way to,
shall we say, sweeten the deal.
You got it. After
all, it's only fair.
You've proven yourself
to be a great ally, sir.
That's right. You deserve it.
We don't often find like-minded
freedom fighters such as yourself.
What's ours is yours, sir.
Ever since our planet
was destroyed,
we have no need for
a Chaos Emerald.
Passing it on to such a worthy and
brilliant man would indeed be an honor.
Comrade Leon speaks
for all of us, sir.
A Chaos Emerald is the least we can
give for your invaluable friendship.
We humbly thank you.
What's going on?
Hm?
We're giving him the Emerald.
I need you to get it.
If you think it's best,
then I suppose we should.
But we hid it so long ago,
I can't remember where.
Let me think...
Okay.
You'll need to fly to Cascade to
Satellite City where the industrial
district once was.
There's a factory there with
three windows at the top.
Then what?
It's in a safe deposit box
right there on the main level.
Okay, we'll fly there right now.
Huh? What?
Molly, I need you to
do something else.
Something really important.
You'll see a small locked cabinet
directly above the safe deposit box.
Bring me whatever
files are in there.
I don't get it.
Why would you need a
bunch of dusty old files?
Simple. They're historical records
on the Metarex invasion that
just might prove useful to us.
Sure. I'm on it!
Hm...
[All laughing]
You wouldn't know it, but this
was once a beautiful place.
You're right, honey.
I wouldn't know.
I guess I'll have to
take your word for it.
There was a time when Cascade
was a proud and glorious planet.
But that time was so long ago...
Way before the Metarex came.
The galaxy had never
seen a greater planet.
We were the mightiest
of all peoples,
and with our superior intelligence,
and advanced technology,
there was no telling how far
our dominion could extend.
And in the blink of an eye,
all our hopes were destroyed.
Ever since that first attack, we
have had to fight to stay alive.
So they've been socking it
to you all this time, huh?
What is it those Metarex
want from you anyway?
I guess all they want is to defeat.
Whatever else they've wanted,
they've already taken.
There's nothing left anymore.
Well, why don't you guys
just go somewhere else?
Don't you ever get
tired of fighting?
Sure we do.
But they still haven't
taken our hope away.
The hope that soon, Cascade will
be beautiful and alive again,
like it once was.
And it will be! I'm sure it will!
And with Shadow's help, I
just know we'll beat them.
Uh-huh.
[Growling]
I got him!
[Monster groans]
[Gasp]
[Monsters growling]
Ah!
[Monsters scream]
Come on!
You might wanna think about letting
one of us walk ahead for a bit.
You know, just for safety's sake.
Plus, you're the only one who
knows where this place is.
It'd be silly to put you in danger.
It's all right.
The spirit of Black
Wind is with me.
Come on, you two. Follow me.
The factory's over here.
I don't like it.
My radar's telling me there was something
extra fishy about those piranhas.
I never thought I'd say this,
but I think you're right.
That attack was an ambush,
if I ever saw one.
So you're saying some boob
set up a booby trap, huh?
Any suspects?
I have my suspicions.
Ya feel like sharing?
Come on! Molly's waiting for us.
I don't want her alone in there.
Uh!
Hello! Come to mama.
Don't forget I got my eye on you.
Oh, come on.
We're on the same team,
aren't we, Shadow?
Sure we are.
How insulting.
Let's see... Here it is!
[Gasp]
[Beeping]
Ah!
[Groan] What happened?
Someone deliberately put
that bomb in the cabinet.
Who gave you the key, Molly?
[Gasp] It was Leon!
It can't be true.
He would never!
It can't be!
Well, looky here.
Doctor, do you read me?
Doctor!
That double-crossing Leon.
He and his comrades have been
cooking up some nasty little deal,
but they had to get
Molly out of the way.
You're wrong!
He'd never hurt me!
Not ever!
We're all a team!
They'd never betray me!
I must admit,
when you first approached
me with your request,
I was quite taken aback.
You and your feisty friends have
been battling us for so long,
I thought you would never give up.
But I understand, of course.
Fighting such as this can
become quite exhausting,
especially when one
is on the losing team.
That's right.
Which is why we have all decided
to join forces with you.
And the girl?
I would be quite surprised if she
agrees to such an arrangement.
She won't.
But don't worry.
I've sent her someplace
where she won't interfere.
We'll hand over Eggman as promised.
Now let's get this
over with already.
[Evil chuckle]
I should think I'd have a
say in this diabolical deal.
You thought you were pretty
clever, didn't you, my friend?
But unfortunately, you're
not clever enough.
Don't move!
And you, there.
You work for Dark Oak, I presume?
You presume correctly.
However, I am but one emissary
of the great master.
We are many.
Heh.
Well you and your Meta-pals may have
fooled our crafty comrade here,
but fooling the great
Eggman won't be so easy.
Hey! That's enough outta you!
[Chuckling]
[Groaning]
Ah!
Dr. Eggman!
Our timing is impeccable!
Please, wait!
Don't go. You'll only get hurt.
Don't be foolish, Molly.
Now isn't the time to go and
get revenge on that Leon guy.
It's way too dangerous.
I have to find out why.
[Grimacing]
[Gasp]
I don't know what
those guys are up to,
but they want Molly out of the way.
And I'm going to
stop them, somehow.
Shadow?
I'm going.
I don't know why, but I feel
like I have to protect her,
or something terrible will happen.
Hurry up!
If we let Eggman get away,
the Metarex will destroy
every one of us!
I've had enough of
this foolishness.
E-3000, have a little
fun, why don't you?
Aaaah!
Ha! Bull's-eye!
A crushing defeat!
You can say that again.
Whoa!
What's going on here?
Grrr!
It looks as if there has
been a change of plans.
You've not kept your
word, my friend.
So disappointing.
Wait! I promised you Eggman,
and you'll have him, I swear!
I just need more time!
Unfortunately, patience
is not my strong suit.
You've dropped your
end of the bargain.
You lose.
No! Please!
Leon! What did he say?
Will they let us join them?
Will they?
I... I don't know.
How could you do it, Leon?
[Gasp]
Ah!
You made a deal with them.
You wanted to abandon everything
we've worked so hard for.
What about our planet?
What about the promise
we made to our ancestors?
We've had enough!
[Gasp]
We're too tired.
We can't go on fighting
like this forever.
Every day is the same thing.
If we surrender, the
fighting will be over,
and we'll live forever.
Please understand.
I can't go on like
this anymore, Molly.
I'm tired.
You wouldn't have
gone along with it!
I'm sorry, but it was
either us, or you.
[Crying]
Don't cry, Molly!
Shadow!
I'll be there anytime you need me.
Just like in that story, remember?
[Grunt]
Hmm.
I'll show them.
I'll keep fighting.
I'll be back one day.
Huh.
Ah!
Hm.
[Grunt]
Aaaah!
Huh!
I'll keep fighting too, Molly.
Maybe we'll meet again someday.
Huh!
[Grunt]
I gotta admit,
that Molly chick?
She was tougher than I thought.
Hey Shadow, you okay?
Sure, I'm fine.
It's just... you seem
to like her, and all.
Well, sure I liked her.
She was a good kid.
I just hope she'll be okay.
She's all alone out
there, that's all.
Huh?
[Gasp]
What?
Give that to Eggman, will ya?
[Gasp]
Doctor, we are getting
a message from someone.
Should I connect them now?
Quickly!
Hmm?
Your luck is running out, doctor.